Volto handson post training fixes (#569)
plone/training: docs/voltohandson/quickstart.md

## Set Up Volto Project

> To create our first volto project we will youse the volto generator tool. First create a folder in which your project will be located.You can call it whatever your projectname shall be. In our case we will use `volto-hands-on-training`. Inside that directory run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create our first volto project, we will use the Volto generator tool.
First create a folder in which your project will be located.
You can call it whatever your project name shall be.
In our case we will use `volto-hands-on-training`.
Inside that directory run:
```

```
npm init yo @plone/volto
```

> The dialogue in the console will ask you for the name of your project and wether you want to install any addons. You can skip both by pressing the `enter` button, as we will use the default name and dont want to use any addons for the training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dialogue in the console will ask you for the name of your project and whether you want to install any add-ons.
You can skip both by pressing the `enter` button, as we will use the default name and don't want to use any add-ons for the training.
```

```{image} _static/volto_generator_terminal.png
:align: center
:alt: Console with Volto generator dialogue
```

## Build environments

We need to build two environments.

> Start two terminal sessions, one for each environment, Plone and Yarn, and a third session to issue git and other shell commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start two terminal sessions, one for each environment — Plone and Yarn — and a third session to issue git and other shell commands.
```

In each terminal session you should be in your project folder `volto-hands-on-training`.

### Plone environment

> To run your Volto site we will be using the Plone 6 docker image. You can start it by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run our Volto site, we will be using the Plone 6 docker image.
You can start it by running the following command:
```

```shell
docker run -p 8080:8080 plone/plone-backend:6.0.0a1
```

Keep that process running during the whole training in one of your terminal windows.

> Before we can begin you need to create a new Plone instance with the required addons installed. Open the classic Plone interface on you `localhost:8080`. As we need to install a few addons before we can use it with volto, do **not** click the "Create a new Plone site" Button. Instead use the "Andvanced" button to get to the addon selection. From the options there select "Plone 6 Frontend (Default content on homepage)" and "Plone 6 Frontend (plone.volto)". Also unselect "Example content". Continue by clicking "Create Plone Page". You might need to wait for a few minutes till the page is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before we can begin, you need to create a new Plone instance with the required add-ons installed.
Open the classic Plone interface on `localhost:8080`.
As we need to install a few add-ons before we can use it with Volto, do **not** click the :guilabel:`Create a new Plone site` button.
Instead use the :guilabel:`Advanced` button to get to the add-on selection.
From the options there, select :guilabel:`Plone 6 Frontend (Default content on homepage)` and :guilabel:`Plone 6 Frontend (plone.volto)`.
Also unselect :guilabel:`Example content`.
Continue by clicking :guilabel:`Create Plone Page`.
You might need to wait for a few minutes until the page is created.
```

```{image} _static/required_plone_configuration.png
:align: center
:alt: Plone Addons configuration page
```

If you are already comfortable with setting up classic Plone sites you can also set up a new Plone environment on your machine. To be compatible with Volto it needs to have the following addon products installed:

- collective.folderishtypes.dx
- collective.folderishtypes 3.0.0
- plone.restapi 8.12.1
- plone.volto 3.1.0a2

### Yarn environment

> To make sure all dependencies necessary to start Volto are installed run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure all required dependencies for starting Volto are installed run:
```
